TODO.md, before:

# Todo

- Remove Watermark from screenStartBackground image
- Add loading message while the lib loads (custom load screen instead of green screen)
- Add Video Scene after Start game scene (movie before warrioir walks in the castle)
- Make walking animations realistic by swapping between idle and walking sprites
- Instead of Orc and Warrior, use charcaters names
- Improve dialogs text quality
- Make dialog background transparent
- Add magic stone animation (png swap on loop, and moves up and down floating)
- Reduce quality of all assets for faster loading
- Optionally download and save all resources on cache at start screen with a downloading wait screen / loading bar
- Make a design for body background instead of a white background
- Cut sprites pixel by pixel (red) then cut them automatically by removing red color
- Make a design for "SteelSpellScale" title
- Add more lore and story (characters development)
- Design world map
- Make first playable scene
- Make designs for menus, hp bars, etc
- Make combat (combat scene) (back to previous scene or to title screen if u die (hardcore)
- Design combat system  
ideas:  
  - roguelike movement and attacks with cards (maybe full open world with enemies spawning randomly at the world map)
  - clasic RPG, enemies spawn when moving for a while based on % of encounter
  - autochest
  - cards system
- Make regular mobs design (sprite with animation of attack and death) 
- Make XP system
- Make level up / stats system (for both characters and enemies)
- Design controls (move character on the map)
- Implement options and continue (continue saves the scene, stats, position, etc)
- Evaluate if making it multiplayer using firebase as backend after reaching level 50

### Story
##### Main
Player visits the king of the Orcs to give him a mesage from The Warriors General to have an aliance against the Mages Kingdom and the Dwarves. Rumors say that the Mages are hidding in the mountains to guide the Dragons to attack the Dwarves cities. The player mission is to travel to the center of the earth to talk to the Dwarves and alert them of the Mages behaviour.

##### Plot Twist
The Orcs created the rumors to make the Warriors and the Dwarves figth the Mages. 



#### Code Scenes
- Orc asks player for the name.
- Dialogs


#### Charcaters
##### Name
Lore

Commit message:

Add new scene, basic world generation based on tiles, movement, etc

TODO.md, after:

# Todo

- Remove Watermark from screenStartBackground image
- Add loading message while the lib loads (custom load screen instead of green screen)
- Add Video Scene after Start game scene (movie before warrioir walks in the castle)
- Make walking animations realistic by swapping between idle and walking sprites
- Instead of Orc and Warrior, use charcaters names
- Improve dialogs text quality
- Make dialog background transparent
- Add magic stone animation (png swap on loop, and moves up and down floating)
- Reduce quality of all assets for faster loading
- Optionally download and save all resources on cache at start screen with a downloading wait screen / loading bar
- Make a design for body background instead of a white background
- Cut sprites pixel by pixel (red) then cut them automatically by removing red color
- Make a design for "SteelSpellScale" title
- Add more lore and story (characters development)
- Design world map
- Make first playable scene
- Make designs for menus, hp bars, etc
- Make combat (combat scene) (back to previous scene or to title screen if u die (hardcore)
- Design combat system  
ideas:  
  - roguelike movement and attacks with cards (maybe full open world with enemies spawning randomly at the world map)
  - clasic RPG, enemies spawn when moving for a while based on % of encounter
  - autochest
  - cards system
- Make regular mobs design (sprite with animation of attack and death) 
- Make XP system
- Make level up / stats system (for both characters and enemies)
- Design controls (move character on the map)
- Implement options and continue (continue saves the scene, stats, position, etc)
- Evaluate if making it multiplayer using firebase as backend after reaching level 50
- Check flipX on warrior on WorldMap.js to fix spear possition 

### Story
##### Main
Player visits the king of the Orcs to give him a mesage from The Warriors General to have an aliance against the Mages Kingdom and the Dwarves. Rumors say that the Mages are hidding in the mountains to guide the Dragons to attack the Dwarves cities. The player mission is to travel to the center of the earth to talk to the Dwarves and alert them of the Mages behaviour.

##### Plot Twist
The Orcs created the rumors to make the Warriors and the Dwarves figth the Mages. 



#### Code Scenes
- Orc asks player for the name.
- Dialogs


#### Charcaters
##### Name
Lore
